#ENROUTE TO GNOBORIA-3
  Omega Squad is enroute to a military bastion on Gnoboria-3 after a grueling campaign on the front lines. They are an elite force deployed behind enemy lines to wreck havoc on the enemy. During the campaign, the current members of Omega were a part of different squads, but lost their old team mates one way or another, and were reassigned to Omega.

  After landing on the bastion, the squad was immediately greeted by hostile forces belonging to the later named "Hollow Rebellion." The squad was able to commandeer an enemy dropship and leave the planet moments before it was detonated to avoid crucial information falling into enemy hands. Upon exfil, An Experimental NHP, aka Leah, transfered itself to the dropship and assisted the squad in decrypting files aboard the ship. They were able to use a theoretically gate jump to drop out in a different location.

#FIRE IN THE SKY
  The stress from the jump and an interesting escape trajectory caused the dropship to crash land on Atania-3, a restricted planet that used to be a mining colony. Upon recovering from the crash the squad was greeted by a recon squad sent by a colony on the planet. Tensions were high, but Omega was able to de-escalate the situation to secure passage to the colony upon a highspeed train.
  Roughly halfway there, the train was ambushed by pirates who had also set up operations on the planet. The squad was able to drive the pirates back, earning the trust of the rep, but losing their mechs in the process.
  The rest of the ride was uneventful, with the pilots sharing the history of the current Union with a representative of the colony. Apparently, the colony was abandoned by the Second Commission once its downfall started.
  Once arrived in the colony, the squad was put into a tavern. Along the way, disgusted looks and slurs were hurled at the pilots.
  
#QUID PRO QUO
  After sitting down in the tavern, the representative named himself Noel Quinn, and brought the leader of the colony in, a woman named Katherine Sheldon. She explained the situation, and offered the town's help, if the squad were to help them first by going to a nearby power station and turning it back on.
  The squad, not seeing much of an option accepted and went to the power station. The station was infested by large insects, but the pilots were able to delve deeper in, turn on the power, and defeat larger bug. Possibly some sort of hive guard.
  With the extra power from the station, the colony was able to use an old printer they had access to, and reprint some basic GMS mechs for the pilots as well as other much needed supplies. The squad was able to earn the trust of the colony population with that.
  
#THE COMM-STATION
  The rebellion tracked the squad to the planet, faster than expected, suggesting they were also able to manipulate the gate travel. The rebellion set up a base to the north of the colony, hidden behind an old stone wall setup long before the colony, and established a tenative alliance with the pirates to the south.
  Omega was tasked with heading north with a squad of engineers to hijack an enemy comm station to download updated mech blueprints. The squad was forced to traverse through a long canyon and found themselves at a battle site. Apparently the alliance between the rebels and the pirates was falling apart.
  Aside from the battle site, the travel to the comm station was mostly uneventful, with little resistance along the way. Upon arriving at the station, the squad realized it was unguarded, and set to work hijacking it. After downloading the blueprints and sending out a message of their own back to the Union, the squad stayed longer in order to disrupt enemy movement. An elite member of the rebellion met them in combat after this decision, piloting a Manticore frame, suggesting the rebellion has access to the Union's database. The elite was swiftly dealt with, but the squad took heavy damage.
  
#THE GUN FORT
  While most of the rebel forces were redirected away from the squad and colony, one large force wasnt. An experimental gun fort was deployed to destroy the colony. The squad, still missing a mech from the previous engagement, met the fort while it was enroute to the colony. Luckily, most of the forces onboard were missing, and only a skeleton crew remained. Possibly the rebelliong under estimated the squad, maybe the crew was redirected away from the fort. After some work, the fort was cleared out and captured.
  Returning back to the colony with the fort proved to be a huge jump in power, and the squad decided to lever this advantage to attack the rebellion. Reinforcements arrived from the Union due to a hole in the rebellion patrols made by the comm station. Davis and Pheerles agreed to split off to attack the pirates, while the remaining four -three from the reinforcements, and one from the original squad-, made ready to attack the rebels.
  
#THE REBEL BASE
  The gunfort arrived at the stone ruins to the north and blew up the wall, allowing ingress to the base beyond.
